[#7] Implement the flow inside a tab (#15)
YouweGit/data-dictionary: readme.md

Data Dictionary
======
Creates a diagram of the current datamodel inside Pimcore.

![Sceenshot](https://image.ibb.co/mRmAgL/Screenshot-2018-10-17-at-23-46-00.png)

## Install

Install the bundle with composer, go to the directory of the project and run the following command:

```
COMPOSER_MEMORY_LIMIT=3G composer require youwe/data-dictionary
```

And then enable the bundle:

```
./bin/console pimcore:bundle:install DataDictionaryBundle
```

And youre done!
## Results

> You can get the flow by going to the setting (gear icon) -> Show current dataflow. Then a new tab wil be opened with the flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get the data dictionary by going to the setting (gear icon) -> Show Current Data Dictionary. Then a new tab wil be opened with the data dictionary.
```

> Or you can get the flow directly going to the following url: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or you can get the data dictionary directly going to the following URL: 
```

[http://<localhost>/admin/data-dictionary/](http://<localhost>/admin/data-dictionary)

> Remember to change the *localhost* to your own pimcore name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remember to change the *localhost* to your own pimcore host name.
```

Reviewer: this one is just to resolve ambiguity
